vmselect: won't return partial data blocks if the query is from upper level vmselect via cluster native protocol (#10733)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: introduce `vm_filestream_fsync_duration_seconds_total` and `vm_filestream_fsync_calls_total` metrics, which can be used for detecting slow storage if it cannot keep up with the current data ingestion rate. See [#10432](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10432). Thanks to @mehrdadbn9 for the contribution.
* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmctl/): add dedicated `thanos` mode for [migrating data from Thanos](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmctl/thanos/). This mode supports both raw and downsampled Thanos blocks, including all aggregate types (count, sum, min, max, counter). Each aggregate is imported as a separate metric with resolution and aggregate type suffixes (e.g., `metric_name:5m:count`). The new mode uses `--thanos-*` prefixed flags: `--thanos-snapshot`, `--thanos-concurrency`, `--thanos-filter-time-start`, `--thanos-filter-time-end`, `--thanos-filter-label`, `--thanos-filter-label-value`, and `--thanos-aggr-types`. See [#9262](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9262).

> * BUGFIX: `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): `vmselect` won't return partial data blocks if the query is from upper level `vmselect` via cluster native protocol. It can prevent cache pollution in upper-level `vmselect` due to unawareness of partial data blocks. See [#10678](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10678)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): prevent partial responses from second-level vmselect nodes in [multi-level cluster setups](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/#multi-level-cluster-setup). Ensures response completeness and correctness, and avoids cache pollution in top-level vmselect. See [#10678](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10678)
```
